# Exploratory-Data-Analysis-Clinical-Deterioration
This notebook includes an EDA Presentation based on Clinical Deterioration (cd) Final Dataset.
Capstone_project_1: Storytelling # 2:
This notebook includes an EDA Presentation based on Clinical Deterioration (cd) Final Dataset.

1. Data Source
For this project, I used publicly available Electronic Health Records (EHRs) datasets. The MIT Media Lab for Computational Physiology has developed MIMIC-IIIv1.4 dataset based on 46,520 patients who stayed in critical care units of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center of Boston between 2001 and 2012. MIMIC-IIIv1.4 dataset is freely available to researchers across the world. A formal request should be made to www.mimic.physionet.org to have acess to the data. There is a required course on human research ‘Data or Specimens Only Research’ prior to data acess request. I have secured one here -www.citiprogram.org/verify/?kb6607b78-5821-4de5-8cad-daf929f7fbbf-33486907
The dataset has 26 relational tables including patient’s hospital admission, callout information when patient was ready for discharge, caregiver information, electronic charted events including vital signs and any additional information relevant to patient care, patient demographic data, list of services the patient was admitted or transferred under, ICU stay types, diagnoses types, laboratory measurments, microbiology tests and sensitivity, prescription data and billing information.
Although I have full access to the MIMIC-IIIv1.4 datasets, I can not share any part of the data publicly. If you are interested to learn more about the data, there is a MIMIC III Demo dataset based on 100 patients https://mimic.physionet.org/gettingstarted/demo/. If you are interested to requesting access to the data - https://mimic.physionet.org/gettingstarted/access/.
